Steps for back merge 
 1. before even start any back merging make sure development  , master and release_2026_P1_S4 is building fine without any compilation issue .  You should not see any compilation issue while building master and release_2026_P1_S4 then it is a red alert talk to release_management team .  You may face compilation issue in development branch . If any then first fix the compilation issue within your development team .   git checkout development  git pull  build your repo .  if any compilation issue first fix it and push to development branch   once you are done with development  and master .   2, Once you are there in master . You need to create a tag and push it to master . (This step is only applicable for master so that in production can revert back to master) 
git checkout master && git pull  build your repo.  The tag value  will be 1.5.2-GA . 
git tag -a 1.5.2-GA -m "1.5.2-GA tag creation before merging release_2026_P1_S4" && git push origin 1.5.2-GA  3. Now you checkout the release_tag branch and pull the latest   git checkout release_2026_P1_S4 && git pull   now checkout master .  git checkout master  Merge release tag into master  git merge --no-ff release_2026_P1_S4  There could be some conflict . Resolve the conflict . Commit the conflict .  make sure merging process is completed successfully after resolving conflict .   git push origin master   Build your repo in local  to make sure it is compilation free  4. Now pull release and we need to merge master into release  (no tagging required)  git checkout release && git pull  git merge --no-ff master There could be some conflict . Resolve the conflict . Commit the conflict .  make sure merging process is completed successfully after resolving conflict  git push origin release  5.  Now pull development and we need to merge release into development  (no tagging required)  git checkout development && git pull git merge --no-ff release There could be some conflict . Resolve the conflict . Commit the conflict .  make sure merging process is completed successfully after resolving conflict  git push origin development .   Now if you can build development and if it is compilation free you are done . Let others know , they can pull your development branch and build if any other team is dependent on your repo to build successfully first .  
I have just shared the git commands . You can perform the same steps with IntelliJ as per your comfirt zone . 


Now only challenge is with services side , we have now many repos and I am not aware about the dependency cycles. Like to build a repoA you need to build repo B because some service of repo A is dependent on some services repo B .  That order to build services repo is not ready  at this time.Durga/Somnath is working towards to come up with  a script to make sure all the services from all repo  are building  fine in local .

If the script is not ready , you need to co-ordinate with other repo owner if you are waiting for their repo to build first . 
Unless all the repo of services sides are done then only the rest back merge need to be started not before that . 
All the repo will be dependent for onetru_core_Services repo . I will complete the back merging for the repo , notify in the group and others can pull it and start their back merging . As 


Once you are done with merging release tag to master branch . You should not allow any merge request to release_tag branch anymore. It will be obsolete, any hot fix will be done through the  master branch only . 